 Basically If you use a proxy when you were caught that is good... If not then do this step first before anything else...  If you were on a proxy remove it so your IP is different from the time when you first were banned.
 
1. First we download PingBuster.
PingBuster: https://pingbuster.net/r/Zardoling
 
2. Create an account through pingbuster... You can use a trial account, but if you are someone who hacks, bots, or does any other exploiting it is BEST practice for you to have this running while you play wow all the time.  What this does is setup a fake ip for you and makes retrieving a banned account around 75% easier...  If you use this program on the accounts you bot on then you will be able to say your account was stolen when the IP comes up from an address from another area.
 
3. Select a VPN server with the lowest ping, if ping is disabled choose one closest to you.
 
4. Click connect, if you don't have the OpenVPN client, it will download it for you, you have to install it manually. After installing you can connect again.
 
5. Go to What Is My IP Address - Shows Your IP Address and see if your IP has been changed (after connected to a VPN server obviously).
 
6.  Once this is done submit an account compromised submission / or a support ticket.
 
7.  Let me know how they respond to you... I hope this can help you out, but I’ll be here along the way for you.
 
8.  Please leave some kind remarks and or feedback as well as some reputation on my thread :)
 
 
Open new ticket and tell ask them why you got ban.
https://support.riotgames.com/hc/en-us[color=#bcbcbc][font='Helvetica Neue', Arial, Verdana, sans-serif][size=4][background=#1a1a1a] [/size][/font][/color][/background]
Category Account Management
 
 
 
After they replyw ith some text saying bla bla you have been using 3rd party software sent them :
Dear Riot Support,
 
Recently, I had wrongfully been banned from League of Legends, on my account "YOUR EMAIL", for what you claim to be as, an 3rd party application act.  I had questions about how this ban could be rationalized?  I have never committed any such offense.  I am a long time player, and an even older fan of LoL.  I would never stoop so low as to violate a Terms of Service which I had agreed to.
 
I am disgruntled at the ban reason that I have irrationally been accused of, as I have never done anything related to a "Violation of the Terms of Service".  I take the utmost offense against this accusation, and will never look to perform any illegal activity in-game.
 
If you spoke to anyone whom knows me, I am, and always will be, a legit and rule abiding player.  I would never commit any such offense which could deem my account susceptible to a suspension or a ban.  Please, review my IP and make sure that my account had not been compromised at the time of this wrongful ban.  Perhaps without my knowledge, my account had been accessed somehow, and something occurred.
 
Again, I implore you to investigate my account so that you may see that I am truthful in what I write.  If there is ANY information you need, please feel free to contact me at anytime, and I can provide you with the account info.
 
Best Regards,
 
 
Change
 
 
YOUR EMAIL TO UR EMAIL
 
 
IF THEY THEN REPLY WITH SOMETHING LIKE
 
 
"Hello Summoner,
Our systems detected the use of modifications within your client that gave you a competitive advantage over others. Improper modifications to your League of Legends client are against the Terms of Use and are a suspendable offense. We believe that all players should play on an equal field in an effort to maintain fair and competitive sportsmanship.
I hope you can see that it would be unsatisfying and frustrating to play against other players who are using a tool to gain an unfair advantage. The actions we have taken have been to protect the fairness and integrity of the Fields of Justice.
Kevzki 
 
Riot Support Specialist 
Bottom Lane - Marksman"
 
 
TELL THEM
 
 
To whom it may concern,
 
You claim to me that a review of my case was processed and evidence presented was correct.  How can you say this "so called" evidence is true.  I very well would like to see what I am being accused of just as in a court of law, evidence is presented and not just figment-ed.
 
I am not sure who has done this "review", but I know personally I have done nothing to attribute to such actions being taken against my account and I demand to speak with someone else on the issue.  Your jobs at the Tribunal are to properly review information not just deem something completed because you do not feel the need to investigate further yourself.
 
There must be a supervisor your able to send me to because clearly the message that needs to get across is not viable for people reviewing this currently to understand.  My account was never possessed by me for any of the "fraudulent behavior" I am being accused of.  It should be very easy to track that in your systems if you took the time to do so.  I can provide any and all information needed to release this account, but I refuse to be told that this is a closed case when I clearly have done nothing wrong. 
 
Whenever someone realizes what was done I am sure the original reviewer of this "offense" that I was accused of will feel some sort of remorse for just assuming that I am another one of the cruel and twisted people who abuse video games for self pleasure.
 
 
With Kind Regard,
 
 
THEY SHOULD SAY SOMETHING LIKE
 
 
Hello,
After reviewing your account we saw that the account was using exploits to gain an unfair advantage over other players and as such the suspension will not be lifted or modified. I cannot give you any more specifics as that could compromise the integrity of our investigations. Your account was found violating the Terms of Use, Section H.
"H. Participating in any action which, in the sole and exclusive judgment of Riot Games, "exploits" an undocumented aspect of the Game in order to secure an unfair advantage over other users;"
You can view the entire Terms of Use with the link below. 
 
http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/legal/termsofuse
Let me know if you have any other questions.
Always,
Princess Bubblegum 
 
Player Behavior and Game 
Stay Jinxy
 
 
THEN SENT THIS
 
 
Dear Tribunal Associate,
 
I am unsatisfied with your response, I have already stated to you I am a legitimate gamer, I am a complete rule-abiding citizen.
I do not look to create hassle in LoL because I already know it will inevitably lead me to getting banned.
 
I honestly believe I have not done anything to which leads to exploitive activity, the people who do, deserve to be banned.
 
Bewildered is what I am with the support you are giving me.
I have been falsely banned, so I politely emailed you to get it unbanned as it was a mistake, but I get an automated response telling me that the evidence was correct.
What evidence can this possibly be? You got a video of me in game exploiting game mechanics? No, because I personally have done no such thing.
 
I am very stressed right now, I have no one to blame except you, because you are the cause of of this, losing my LoL account means allot to me, I invested so much time into getting my character to a higher level.
 
I ask you to please reinvestigate my account so you can see that the customer is always right and unlock my account so I can continue my legitimate game.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
AND GG YOUR ACC HAVE BEN UNBANNED 
 
 
 
 
 
BEFORE TICKET :
 
 
 
 
 
http://www.mpcforum.pl/uploads/images/7479914226287951172403.jpeg
 
 
 
 
 
AFTER TICKET :
 
 
 
 
 
http://www.mpcforum.pl/uploads/images/5545514226287951172403.jpeg
 
 
 
http://www.mpcforum.pl/uploads/images/2839514226299871172403.jpeg
 
 
